index.markdown, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
---

<span style="color:black; font-family:Sans; font-size: 1em;">
</span>


Welcome!!!

I am a graduate student at [North Carolina State University](https://physics.ncsu.edu), [pursuing Ph.D.](https://kemperlab.github.io/team/akhil-francis/) in Physics. I am generally interested in topics related to physics, mathematics, and computer science and particularly in quantum computing. My expertise is in using quantum algorithms for solving condensed matter physics problems. Present-day quantum computers are in the early stages of development, analogous to the vacuum chamber tube era of 'classical' computers. Implementing algorithms suited for these machines is needed to move the technology forward. My research is mainly on employing these real quantum machines to get something useful. I hope all these efforts pave the way to better computing and applications with the advent of better quantum machines in the future!  
Previously, I completed my BS-MS degree in physics at [IISER, Mohali India](https://www.iisermohali.ac.in/). In this website mostly you will find a flavor of my research.

![profile pic](../images/profile_pic.jpg){:style="float:right; margin-left:0px; margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px;" :height="150px" width="150px"}


You may find my academic CV [here]( ../docs/CV.pdf), resume for quantum computing industry [here]( ../docs/Resume_QC.pdf) and other industrial resume [here](../docs/Resume.pdf).

Commit message:

edited the writing and added the useful section

index.markdown, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
---

<span style="color:black; font-family:Sans; font-size: 1em;">
</span>


 I am a researcher in quantum computing. My expertise is in using quantum algorithms for solving condensed matter physics problems. I have experience in benchmarking quantum machines. Recently, I am interested in using machine learning tools, especially to aid in quantum computing.


### Education
I am [pursuing Ph.D.](https://kemperlab.github.io/team/akhil-francis/) in physics at [North Carolina State University](https://physics.ncsu.edu).

Previously, I completed my BS-MS degree in physics at [IISER, Mohali India](https://www.iisermohali.ac.in/). 

![profile pic](../images/profile_pic.jpg){:style="float:right; margin-left:0px; margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px;" :height="150px" width="150px"}


Please find access to my [CV]( ../docs/CV.pdf), [resume]( ../docs/Resume_QC.pdf) for quantum computing industry and other industrial  [resume](../docs/Resume.pdf).
